Finish docs (#14)
toggl/ios: README.md

## High-order reducers

High-order reducers are basically functions that take a reducer (and maybe also some other parameters) and return another reducer. This second reducer will add some behavior to the first one, maybe transforming actions, stopping them or doing something with them before sending them forward to the first reducer.

The simplest example of this the logging reducer, which for now just logs every dispatched action to the console:

```swift
public func logging<State, Action, Environment>(
    _ reducer: Reducer<State, Action, Environment>
) -> Reducer<State, Action, Environment>
{
    return Reducer { state, action, environment in
        print("Action: \(action)")
        return reducer.reduce(&state, action, environment)
    }
}

// Somewhere else we "apply" it to the main app's reducer:
let globalReducer = logging(appReducer)
```

Analytics is something we will likely develop as a high-order reducer too.

## Features

> Understand feature as a part of the app that needs its own Store view and its own reducer. This limits are blurry, but this usually means every time you present something modally, that's a new feature, but each one of the screens on that modal navigation are all part of the same feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understand feature as a part of the app that needs its own Store view and its own reducer. The limits are blurry, but this usually means every time you present something modally, that's a new feature, but each one of the screens on that modal navigation are all part of the same feature.
```

Then there's the `AppRoutes.swift` file where we have the routes the different coordinators handle. For each route it indicates what sub-routes it can take and what the parent (root) route is. For the `AppRoute` the parent is nil.

Then there's the `Router`. Which is an object that subscribes to changes to the `route` property in the state and does all the necessary calls to dismiss, present and set new routes to get to the emitted `Route`.

Reducers that want to navigate somewhere just need to set the `route` property to whatever enum case subclassing `Route` defined in `AppRoutes.swift`. Then the `Router` will get the new route emitted and will navigate to it.

For example, this is code is on the `AppReducer`. The `AppAction.start` action gets dispatched when the app starts:
```swift
case .start:
    if state.user.isLoaded {
        state.route = AppRoute.main
    } else {
        state.route = AppRoute.onboarding
    }
    return .empty
```

# Project Structure

## Frameworks & Modules

> Apple recommends reducing the number of dynamic frameworks our app loads to reducer launch times. In order to have modularity and fast compile times while at the same time keep launch times as small as possible we use a mix of static and dynamic frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple recommends reducing the number of dynamic frameworks our app loads to reduce launch times. In order to have modularity and fast compile times while at the same time keeping launch times as small as possible we use a mix of static and dynamic frameworks.
```

Basically every framework in the app is a static framework (Build Settings -> Mach-0 Type -> Static Library) except for the `TogglTrack` and the `Assets`. These two dynamic frameworks will be embedded in the app, while the rest (the static frameworks) will be linked but not embedded in `TogglTrack`.

Dependencies between frameworks will also need to be linked where they are needed.

External dependencies are currently linked into a dynamic framework that takes care of linking them when needed and it's also embedded into the main app. This will probably change as we move from Swift Package Manager into Cocoapods.

> `Assets` has to be dynamic because static frameworks don't allow to those type of resources. Still this makes it difficult to work with playgrounds and we should review this.

Reviewer 2: `don't allow to ...` what? I think something is missing there

Author: Fixed
